"CFDEMproject Website"_lws - "Main Page"_main :c

:link(lws,http://www.cfdem.com)
:link(main,CFDEMcoupling_Manual.html)

:line

6. Models :h3,link(1_6),link(comm)

This section lists all CFDEMcoupling sub-models alphabetically, with
a separate listing below of styles within certain commands.

6.1 I/O models :h4

The "IOModel"_IOModel.html keyword entry specifies the model for writing output
data.

"basicIO"_IOModel_basicIO.html,
"off"_IOModel_noIO.html,
"sophIO"_IOModel_sophIO.html,
"trackIO"_IOModel_trackIO.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.2 Averaging models :h4

The "averagingModel"_averagingModel.html keyword entry defines the model used to
map the Lagrangian data to Eulerian values.

"dense"_averagingModel_dense.html,
"dilute"_averagingModel_dilute.html,
off :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.3 Chemistry models :h4

The "chemistryModels"_chemistryModel.html keyword is used to specify a list of
models used for chemical reaction calculations.

"diffusionCoefficients"_chemistryModel_diffusionCoefficients.html,
initMultiLayers,
"massTransferCoeff"_chemistryModel_massTransferCoeff.html,
"off"_chemistryModel_noChemistry.html,
"reactantPerParticle"_chemistryModel_reactantPerParticle.html,
"species"_chemistryModel_species.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.4 Clock models :h4

The "clockModel"_clockModel.html keyword entry specifies the model used to
examine the CFDEMcoupling code with respect to runtime.

"off"_clockModel_noClock.html,
"standardClock"_clockModel_standardClock.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.5 Data exchange models :h4

The "dataExchangeModel"_dataExchangeModel.html keyword entry specifies the model
that performs the data exchange between the DEM code and the CFD code.

"noDataExchange"_dataExchangeModel_noDataExchange.html,
"oneWayVTK"_dataExchangeModel_oneWayVTK.html,
"twoWayFiles"_dataExchangeModel_twoWayFiles.html,
"twoWayMPI"_dataExchangeModel_twoWayMPI.html,
"twoWayMany2Many"_dataExchangeModel_twoWayMany2Many.html,
"twoWayOne2One"_dataExchangeModel_twoWayOne2One.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.6 Diffusion coefficient models :h4

The {diffCoeffModel} keyword entry specifies the model for the diffusion
coefficient of dissolved spieces in the fluid phase in the presence of particles.

SyamlalDiffCoeff,
off :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.7 Energy models :h4

The {energyModels} keyword specifies a list of energy models used for e.g.
compressible, reacting flows.

heatTransferGunn,
heatTransferInterGrain,
heatTransferRanzMarshall,
reactionHeat,
wallHeatTransferYagi :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.8 Force models :h4

The "forceModels"_forceModel.html keyword specifies a list of models that exert
a force on each DEM particle.

"Archimedes"_forceModel_Archimedes.html,
"ArchimedesIB"_forceModel_ArchimedesIB.html,
"BeetstraDrag"_forceModel_BeetstraDrag.html,
BeetstraDragPoly,
"DiFeliceDrag"_forceModel_DiFeliceDrag.html,
Fines,
"GidaspowDrag"_forceModel_GidaspowDrag.html,
"KochHillDrag"_forceModel_KochHillDrag.html,
"LaEuScalarTemp"_forceModel_LaEuScalarTemp.html,
"MeiLift"_forceModel_MeiLift.html,
"ParmarBassetForce"_forceModel_ParmarBassetForce.html,
"SchillerNaumannDrag"_forceModel_SchillerNaumannDrag.html,
"ShirgaonkarIB"_forceModel_ShirgaonkarIB.html,
"dSauter"_forceModel_dSauter.html,
deactivateForce,
directedDiffusiveRelaxation,
evaluateFluctuations,
"fieldStore"_forceModel_fieldStore.html,
"fieldTimeAverage"_forceModel_fieldTimeAverage.html,
freeStreaming,
"gradPForce"_forceModel_gradPForce.html,
"gradPForceSmooth"_forceModel_gradPForceSmooth.html,
granKineticEnergy,
"interface"_forceModel_interface.html,
isotropicFluctuations,
"noDrag"_forceModel_noDrag.html,
"particleCellVolume"_forceModel_particleCellVolume.html,
particleDeformation,
"pdCorrelation"_forceModel_pdCorrelation.html,
potentialRelaxation,
"surfaceTensionForce"_forceModel_surfaceTensionForce.html,
terminalVelocity,
turbulentDispersion,
turbulentVelocityFluctuations,
"virtualMassForce"_forceModel_virtualMassForce.html,
"viscForce"_forceModel_viscForce.html,
"volWeightedAverage"_forceModel_volWeightedAverage.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.8.1 Force sub-models :h5

The "forceSubModels"_forceSubModel.html keyword specifies a list
of models that hold settings for a force model.

"ImEx"_forceSubModel_ImEx.html,
ScaleForce,
scaleForceBoundary :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.9 LIGGGHTS command models :h4,link(lcm)

The "liggghtsCommandModels"_liggghtsCommandModel.html keyword specifies a list
of models that execute LIGGGHTS commands within a CFD run.

"execute"_liggghtsCommandModel_execute.html,
"readLiggghtsData"_liggghtsCommandModel_readLiggghtsData.html,
"runLiggghts"_liggghtsCommandModel_runLiggghts.html,
"writeLiggghts"_liggghtsCommandModel_writeLiggghts.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.10 Locate models :h4

The "locateModel"_locateModel.html keyword entry specifies the model used to
search the CFD mesh for the CFD cell corresponding to a given position.

"engine"_locateModel_engineSearch.html,
"engineIB"_locateModel_engineSearchIB.html,
"engineSearchMany2Many"_locateModel_engineSearchMany2Many.html,
"standard"_locateModel_standardSearch.html,
"turboEngine"_locateModel_turboEngineSearch.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.11 Mass transfer models :h4

The {massTransferModels} keyword specifies a list of mass transfer models used
for evaluating species transfer between particles and fluids.

massTransferGunn :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.12 Mesh motion models :h4

The "meshMotionModel"_meshMotionModel.html keyword entry specifies the model
used to manipulate the CFD mesh according to the DEM mesh motion.

"noMeshMotion"_meshMotionModel_noMeshMotion.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.13 Momentum coupling models :h4

The "momCoupleModels"_momCoupleModel.html keyword specifies a list of models
used for momentum exchange between DEM and CFD simulation

deactivateCouple,
"explicitCouple"_momCoupleModel_explicitCouple.html,
"implicitCouple"_momCoupleModel_implicitCouple.html,
"off"_momCoupleModel_noCouple.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.14 Other force models :h4

The {otherForceModels} keyword specifies a list of models that exert a force on
each DEM particle.

expParticleForces,
gravity,
secondaryPhaseInducedBuoyancy,
weightSecondaryPhase :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.15 Probe models :h4

The "probeModel"_probeModel.html keyword entry specifies the probing features in
CFDEMcoupling simulations.

"off"_probeModel_noProbe.html,
"particleProbe"_probeModel_particleProbe.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.16 Region models :h4

The "regionModel"_regionModel.html keyword entry specifies the model used to
select a certain region for coupled simulations.

"allRegion"_regionModel_allRegion.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.17 Smoothing models :h4

The "smoothingModel"_smoothingModel.html keyword entry specifies the model for
smoothing the exchange fields.

"constDiffAndTemporalSmoothing"_smoothingModel_constDiffAndTemporalSmoothing.html,
"constDiffSmoothing"_smoothingModel_constDiffSmoothing.html,
"off"_smoothingModel_noSmoothing.html,
"temporalSmoothing"_smoothingModel_temporalSmoothing.html :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.18 Thermal conductivity models :h4

The {thermCondModel} keyword entry specifies the model for the thermal
conductivity of the fluid phase in the presence of particles.

SyamlalThermCond,
ZehnerSchluenderThermCond,
off :tb(c=2,ea=c)


6.19 Void fraction models :h4

The "voidFractionModel"_voidFractionModel.html keyword entry specifies the model
accounting for the volume of the particles in the CFD domain.

"Gauss"_voidFractionModel_GaussVoidFraction.html,
"IB"_voidFractionModel_IBVoidFraction.html,
"bigParticle"_voidFractionModel_bigParticleVoidFraction.html,
"centre"_voidFractionModel_centreVoidFraction.html,
"divided"_voidFractionModel_dividedVoidFraction.html,
off,
trilinear :tb(c=2,ea=c)


